which is in a condition where a
person must be able to hold his breath in
order to escape death this film
tells the story of three young people named
Rocky money and Alex they used
to steal together but
they did not steal money but
valuable goods until they
sold the last stolen material.
it was priced very cheaply Manado
advised them to just steal the
money but they were still unsure
considering the severe punishment if
they were caught Rocky comes from
a dysfunctional family he is very
tired of his life and wants
to run away to California with his sister
but to do that he needs
money  which is not small and this is
what makes Rocky rethink the
suggestion of the marker Rocky then
invites mani and Rocky to join
him to carry out the theft
they are targeting a house
located in a remote area inhabited
by a veteran army broadcast
the news that the
Veteran had a lot of money after
receiving an apology money from the person
who hit his daughter they began to
spy on the house before launching the
action mani got out of the car and started
recording the situation around the house
While Rocky and Alex stayed in the car
in the car Rocky told about his
family  Alex, who was initially hesitant to
join, felt sorry for and was sure to
help Rocky get money. Alex
turned out to have secret feelings
for Rocky in the midst of their surveillance,
their car was attacked by a
brush dog and it turned out that the dog's owner
was an army veteran whose house
they were spying on and from  That's where
they know that Veterans are blind.
They are even more convinced to carry out
a burglary in the house. The day
of their execution arrived at the house.
At night, Rocky, who has
the smallest body, first entered
through a window. His job was
to turn off the security system.  anan in the
house using the remote
provided by Alex
Hi Alex's father is a technician
who designs a home security system
so that he has the device in
an instant Rocky manages to turn off the
security system so that mani and Alex can
get into the house Arriving
inside they split up to look for
the semen storage area entered the
room where the Veteran was
fast asleep. There he tried to
open the smoke bomb he had prepared
but in the middle of the action the Veteran
woke up, it turned out that the Veteran only
got up to turn off the TV and went back to
sleep.
from the room after feeling everything was safe the
three of them started Trying to open the
door that led to a room the
door was padlocked with a shower took out
his gun to destroy the
lock Alex who saw the shower carrying a
gun immediately hesitated to continue the
theft because it would
cause  give a reason for the owner of the house
to shoot them Alex always
persuades Rocky to
leave the house but it doesn't work because
no one wants to listen to him
Alex left the house alone
while taking a shower trying to open the lock
he was surprised by the Veteran who
was already beside him he immediately
pointed  gun and threatened the
Veteran. But the situation was reversed when the
Veteran attacked Money and pointed a
gun at him. The veteran asked
how many people had infiltrated Mani's
house. He also lied by
saying that he was the only one who
went in there.
dead Rocky was very
surprised to see what was happening in
front of him He immediately went into the
wardrobe behind him to hide
Alex who heard the gunshots
came back into the house he
passed the Veteran in the front hallway The
veteran locked all the doors
and  the window so that Rocky and Alex were
trapped in there after that
until the trend went straight to the
wardrobe where Rocky was hiding in
he checked the safe which contained a lot of
money Rocky who saw it immediately
memorized the passcode of the safe Alex
who had been sent a message by Rocky
immediately followed him to the closet  clothes
but before leaving Rocky took
all the money that was in the safe
after they finished taking their money
Planning to go through the door that was
successfully broken before
that door led to the basement which had a
door to the backyard The veteran
moved the bathing corpse to an
equipment room there he  smelling the smell
of mani and Rocky's shoes he immediately
realized that someone other than
mani was in his house in
a hurry he went back to check the
safe and found that all
his money had disappeared the Veteran was
very angry and immediately looked for Rocky
and Alex
Hai while in the basement  nt Alex and Rocky
were walking in the dark but
they were very surprised when they found
a woman tied up
in a glass case the woman showed
Rocky a newspaper.
rang the bell that
the Veteran could hear before long the
sound of the Veteran's footsteps began to be
heard They hurriedly
unchained Cindy and went towards
the back door because they felt very
Veterans were getting closer behind
them Alex was in a hurry to open the
door and when the door
Gunshots were heard several times,
apparently until Trans was waiting
behind the door after hearing the bell.
Cindy added that
the Veteran hit Lex's ear and the
VCD caused the CD to die.
The Veteran was very sad about
his death and started chasing Alex.
and Rocky who will go to the front door
Hai chases in the basement teamm8
inevitably the Veteran manages to
catch Alex and is about to shoot
his head but the Veteran's gun
runs out of bullets Rocky immediately
drops the equipment cupboard towards the
Veteran Alex and Rocky manages
to go back upstairs and close  the basement door but
the Veteran's savage dog was
waiting there they then ran
upstairs until they were trapped in
Rocky's room trying to get out through
the air vent but Alex who
couldn't get into the duct even then had to be
attacked by a dog so he bounced
out of the wild dog's window  turned out to
follow Alex to the
air vent because he felt trapped he
jumped out of the high channel
on the other side Alex was shot by a Veteran
from above the roof tile that
supported his body broke and Alex
fell into the kitchen while holding in pain
Alex tried to get up and look for Rocky
but  he to  again meeting with the
Veteran Alex was hiding in the
equipment room where
Maya was, the Veteran could find out
where Alex was by hearing the sound of his
groaning pain, there was a
struggle between Alex and the Veteran
in that room. The Veteran beat
Alex so badly he also stabbed
Alex in the stomach.  by using
grass clippers after killing Alex until the
trend immediately took Rocky who was
lying helpless to the basement Rocky
who just realized that
he was tied up here earlier
he begged to be released even
said that he would not
report to the police if the Veteran
kidnapped here rabar  until it was clear that
he didn't want to listen, he instead said
that Rocky had to replace
Cindy's job to give him a child, it turned out that
the Veteran kidnapped Robert as
punishment for making his son
die. CD was also pregnant
when he was shot dead.
et which contains
his sperm to be injected into
Rocky's womb so that Rocky can get pregnant
and give him a child in
which Alex's equipment wakes up. Turns out
the Veteran didn't shut down Alex but he
stabbed the corpse of money next to
Alex with a battered face. Alex
went to the basement after hearing
Rocky's voice from there on the other side
the Veteran was almost injecting
his sperm but Alex came just in time
he hit the Veteran's head with
a big hammer and after
seeing the Veteran helpless Alex
untied Rocky then
handcuffed and tied the Veteran's hand
so he couldn't move  They
also ran away after taking a bag
containing money when they arrived at the front door
and Alex managed to open the door the sound of
gunshots was heard again,
hi the Veteran managed to
escape and shot Alex until he
really died Rocky could
n't help but leave Alex he
ran out of the house  as much as he can
and after feeling running far enough
he looked back and found
that the Veteran was not chasing him
but not long after the Veteran dog chased
Rocky ferociously Alex ran
towards his car after successfully getting in
Rocky's car realized that the car keys were
not there and he
had no other choice but to get out of the
car  but the dog is still there
he lures the dog
into the car through the rear trunk
and succeeds the dog is trapped in
the car and Alex gets out of the car but
unfortunately the Veteran is waiting
there and drags Rocky back into
the house inside the house Rocky sees
Alex's natural remote he
turned on the alarm and made a
very noisy sound. The Veteran was
disturbed by the sound of nature because
he couldn't detect it
and Rocky in the midst of his anger he
shot blindly in all directions
until the bullet ran out Rocky who
saw the opportunity immediately
pushed the  Veteran into the
basement and at the same time Veteran's gun
exploded and injured the Veteran
Rocky then left the house
before the Police came now Rocky and
his sister had left the house and
were eating at a restaurant television
in the restaurant broadcast news
about the Veteran where in  the news
stated that the Veteran took an
act of self-defense because his house was
robbed and now he has
passed his critical period after seeing the
news Rocky and his sister
went on their way to
California and the film was over.
can be
the right movie recommendation for
all of you to watch I say goodbye,
don't forget to like share subscribe or
follow this channel so you can
get recommendations for other exciting films
[Music]